Missouri governor commutes sentence of white police officer convicted of fatally shooting Black man - The Associated Press 6/8 An unarmed black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 7/8 An unarmed black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 8/8 An unarmed black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 1/8 A black teenager was killed when he was shot and killed by a white police officer in Ferguson, Mo. An unarmed black teenager was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 2/8 A black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. A black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 3/8 A black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. A black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. Police have charged a white police officer with first-degree murder in the shooting death of an unarmed black man. Darren Wilson was shot and killed by a police officer in Missouri on Sunday. AP 4/8 An unarmed black man was killed and nine others were injured when police shot at protesters in Ferguson, Mo. A black