Putin lays out sweeping questions and tough demands about 30-day ceasefire proposal - CNN

As the war nears its end, the Islamic State group is holding up a fragile peace deal with the government. But the group has continued to advance on the government for weeks and has lost territory in Iraq, Syria and Libya.

The group has taken over several important towns in Anbar and Mosul, with the help of Iraqi security forces and Kurdish forces. The group has also gained territory and territory in the northern part of the country.

The U.S.-led coalition has been waging a campaign to topple the government, with Iraqi forces fighting to regain the city of Fallujah and the city of Mosul, the main stronghold of the Islamic State.

The U.S. and Kurdish military commanders have been working to regain control of the city and the surrounding areas, and the United Nations has called on the government to stop using the city, which is under Iraqi control.

But the U.S.-led coalition has also been trying to block the advance of Islamic State militants in Iraq and Syria, which has pushed the militants out of the areas captured by the U.S. and its allies.

"It's a very difficult situation, and we have to be ready for this," said U.S. Army Col. Jeff Davis, a war correspondent for CNN.

"It's a very tough situation. We're only getting a very limited window of time. Our goal is not to win this war, but to ensure that this war continues to go on in the future."

The United Nations Security Council unanimously voted to condemn the fighting in Iraq and Syria, calling it a war crime, and a grave violation of international law.

The U.S. and its coalition members, including the United States, have been pursuing an offensive against an Islamic State group that has killed thousands of people in the last three months.

The U.S. and its partners in Iraq and Syria have also launched air strikes in support of the Islamic State group.

The U.S. has been conducting air strikes against government forces and Kurdish forces fighting the Islamic State group, with the help of Kurdish groups.

The U.S. military now has 40,