Pope Francis, still hospitalized, has pneumonia in both lungs - The Washington Post, 4/20/15

Migrants have been arriving at the US-Mexico border since the start of the year as part of a massive illegal wave that has been blamed on climate change. The migrants, many of them in their late teens and early 20s, have been told to remain in US soil after crossing the Mexican border into the US, according to the Associated Press. The AP also reported that the "number of people attempting to cross into the US from Mexico has jumped to almost 2,000" from last year. The AP said that the refugees have arrived in the US from Honduras, El Salvador, Guatemala and Nicaragua. The UNHCR said at least 1,500 people had been rescued in the last six months. The AP reports that there have been 454 confirmed deaths in the last 10 days of the crisis. The AP adds that "about 3,000 people have crossed into the United States through the southwestern US, including almost 30,000 people who were on foot, and many more were trying to escape the country, according to Reuters."

The Washington Post, 4/20/15

The US President Donald Trump has called on the Mexican government to stop sending "very dangerous" migrants to the United States. Trump said the migrants would not "come very fast and probably will not come very slowly" and that a "bad situation will arise" in the country. The Wall Street Journal reports that "Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in the Mexican state of Veracruz to send people to the US, and they're not stopping." The Associated Press reports that "Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in the Mexican state of Veracruz to send people to the United States, and they're not stopping." The Wall Street Journal reports that "Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in the Mexican state of Veracruz to send people to the United States, and they're not stopping." The Associated Press reports that " Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in the Mexican state of Veracruz to send people to the United States, and they're not stopping." The Associated Press reports that "Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in the Mexican state of Veracruz to send people to the United States, and they're not stopping." The Associated Press reports that "Mexicans are taking advantage of the situation in