Senate to take final vote on boosting Social Security benefits for many public service retirees - The Associated Press 5/6 June - The Senate will vote on a "yes" vote to extend Social Security benefits to all public servants in the public service by July 1, 2010. The measure is expected to send the bill to President Obama for final approval. The move would allow for the first time in 50 years that the Social Security system could be used to improve retirement security for more than 1 million public service retirees. The measure would also allow the Social Security Administration to keep funding for the program until it expires in 2015, effectively ending the current system. The House of Representatives is expected to vote on the measure by the end of the year. AFP/Getty Images 6/6 June - The Senate will consider a resolution raising the minimum wage from $7.25 to $10.10 an hour, with a range of up to $13 an hour. The measure would raise the minimum wage to $10.10 an hour by 2018 and $10.10 an hour by 2020. AFP/Getty Images

The bill would allow the government to spend the money it collects by purchasing surplus or surplus-bearing goods, including military items. It would also allow the government to spend the money it collects by purchasing surplus or surplus-bearing goods, including military items.

In April, Donald Trump tweeted that he was "very, very happy" with the bill. He added: "It will be great and we will see how it goes with the vote."

It would cost $7.25 an hour for a person to buy a military service uniform or basic equipment, $4.25 an hour for a person to buy a military uniform, or $4.35 an hour for a person to buy a military service weapon.

The bill passed Congress in February but did not go to President Barack Obama for his signature.

The National Defense Authorization Act, a bill that Republicans have supported in Congress since it was first passed, has been a popular measure in the presidential campaign. It has passed both houses of Congress and is currently being debated for the presidency. It was originally introduced by former President George W Bush but