US eggs prices hit a record high, are likely to keep climbing - MLive.com has learned.

In addition to the high cost of eggs, the price hike could mean an increase in the cost of fertilizers. A recent report by the International Fund for Agricultural Research, which examined the impact of a price increase on the world's food supply, found that the worldwide price of fertilizers had increased by a factor of 10 to 40 in the last 30 years.

"A price increase is not a panacea for food insecurity, and it's not going to stop the global food shortage that we've seen in the last couple of years," said Jim Beyer, executive director of the Earthjustice Institute, a Washington-based think tank. "The problem is the world is not ready to feed its kids with its current food supply, and we need to make sure we do everything we can to ensure that food security is not at risk."

In the case of the global food crisis, the global food situation has been deteriorating for nearly a decade with the global food crisis hitting hardest on average for the first time ever in 2013. The world's five largest economies - Brazil, Turkey, South Korea and China - have all been hit by food shortages since the end of World War II.

The world's five largest economies - Brazil, Turkey, South Korea and China - have all been hit by food shortages since the end of World War II. (Photo: AFP/Getty Images)

The International Fund for Agricultural Research said that the global food crisis is likely to continue to worsen into 2014. The institute noted that countries such as China, Venezuela, India and Indonesia have been hit hardest by the global food crisis.

"The world is not ready to feed its kids with its current food supply, and we need to make sure we do everything we can to ensure that food security is not at risk," said Beyer.

"Unfortunately, the world is not prepared to meet the needs of its people. The world is not ready to feed its children with its current food supply, and we need to make sure we do everything we can to ensure that food security is not at risk."

The International Fund for Agricultural