As RFK Jr. delivers his message on measles, public health experts hear a familiar tune - STATEMENT TO YOU. (APPLAUSE) The latest measles outbreak in the United States, in which measles has killed at least 2,200 people, has reached epidemic proportions. In the three months before the outbreak, more than 2 percent of American adults had been vaccinated for measles, the most recent of which followed the measles epidemic that began in late July. This is a crisis that must be addressed immediately. The recent measles outbreak is the most serious outbreak in US history, and it's not just a virus. The measles outbreak has infected more than 6 million people in the United States, and it is affecting over 3 million others. The government should be prepared to act quickly if the measles outbreak continues. The CDC's case management team, including the infectious disease division's infectious disease specialists, are dedicated to working to prevent the spread of the disease. Our teams have been able to address the most critical cases in this country for over three years, and they're working to save lives and keep communities safe. (APPLAUSE) The CDC is working to provide public health care for every single American. As I've said before, measles is a serious and widespread disease and it's a deadly disease. People who live in the United States should be vaccinated. We are working with the federal government to provide free or low-cost measles vaccines to all American families. (APPLAUSE) The federal government should be prepared to act quickly if the measles outbreak continues. This is a crisis that must be addressed immediately. We need our federal government to act quickly. If you need additional information, call 202-686-7232. (APPLAUSE) And if you're a parent, follow us on Facebook and Twitter to stay informed about the latest and greatest news. (APPLAUSE) Vaccinations are a critical tool in preventing the spread of measles. In this crisis, we need to protect our children. We need to protect our children from the measles virus and we need to protect our children from the measles virus. Vaccines are a vital tool in preventing the spread of measles. In this crisis, we need to protect our children. We need to protect our children from the measles virus and we need to protect our children from the measles virus. All babies born at this time of year should be vaccinated. We know that