Houthi missile fired from Yemen strikes Tel Aviv, causing minor injuries - The Washington Post

Israel's military said Wednesday that the air strike targeted an Al-Qaeda-linked group in the southern coastal city of Aden. The strike hit a military training center in Aden, which was also targeted in the airstrike by Israeli forces. The strike hit a military training center in Aden, which was also targeted in the airstrike by Israeli forces.

The US, in a statement, said Tuesday that it had not yet received any information about the strike against the group in Yemen, but said it was cooperating with the investigation into the attack.

The White House said the Pentagon had "taken additional steps" to protect civilians in the region, and noted that the Pentagon had conducted "significant humanitarian assistance" for people in the region.

The US and its allies have been bombing "terrorists, extremist groups, and other foreign terrorist organizations in Yemen and other areas of the Arabian Peninsula," the statement said.

The statement said that the United States had "committed substantial efforts" to protect civilians in Yemen, and that the United States had "no plans to target civilians or civilian infrastructure in the Yemeni civil war or elsewhere in the region."

The statement said that the United States was working to "strengthen the international effort to contain the spread of terrorism and ensure that peace and security prevail in Yemen."

The United Nations Security Council condemned the strike, which was carried out by the Saudi-led coalition, and called on the Yemeni government to immediately end hostilities.

The strike comes as Saudi Arabia has been fighting an al-Qaeda-linked group in the country, and is suspected of carrying out several deadly bombings in Yemeni cities.

The Yemeni government has been on high alert since a coalition of Yemeni forces launched an air mission last week in support of Yemeni forces battling militants loyal to the Saudi-led government.

Saudi Arabia, which has been fighting the Houthi rebels in Yemen, is said to have been supporting a proxy war that has killed more than 2,000 civilians, including