Vivek Ramaswamy plans to announce Ohio gubernatorial run - The Washington Post

Ohio Gov. John Kasich announced his presidential bid on Sunday, and he'll face Democrat Hillary Clinton in November.

Kasich will run for governor in 2018, and has said he plans to run against Clinton, who he said is "a major threat to our country and to our way of life."

His presidential campaign is set to reach a $10 million goal on Saturday, and Kasich, who has never held a political office, is expected to announce soon after that the winner of the GOP presidential nomination will be announced.

Kasich has said he had a "very difficult conversation" with Clinton, and he's already said he'll not vote for Trump.

"It's a question of what I have to say," Kasich said in an interview with The Associated Press. "I've talked to Hillary and I've talked to her advisers and I've talked to a lot of people."

Kasich has been a vocal critic of Clinton, who is a former mayor of New York City who has faced off against Trump in the Republican presidential primary. He also attacked Clinton in a speech at the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last month.

Kasich said he had a "very difficult conversation" with Clinton, and he's already said he'll not vote for Trump. He said he has "very good relations" with both Clintons.

"I love Hillary and I was very happy to be in that campaign," Kasich said. "I think her message to the American people is very clear and it's very clear."

Kasich told The Post that he will not participate in an election without the Republican nominee's endorsement.

"I've been very clear that I'm not going to support Hillary," Kasich said. "I've been very clear that I'm not going to support Donald Trump."

Kasich said he's not running for president as a Republican, but as a Democrat. He said he believes "people need to think about their own futures" and that he would like to see changes to the Republican Party in the wake of Trump's election.

"When Donald Trump comes to our country, and when Donald Trump comes to our country, we're going to have a different Republican Party than we have in this country," Kasich said. "We're going to have a different political