Women less likely than men to take their meds post-stroke, study finds - The Washington Post

A study of more than 1,700 people who had been enrolled in a hospital emergency department at Johns Hopkins, says the results suggest that people who have had at least four surgeries before they were discharged from the hospital "may be less likely to seek care for a stroke than those who have not been hospitalized."

The study, led by Dr. David W. Laughlin, a professor of surgery and emergency medicine at Johns Hopkins, concluded that while "people who have had cardiac surgery in the past are not at a greater risk for stroke or have had surgery, it is not surprising that they would be less likely to seek care for a stroke."

The study was funded by the National Institutes of Health.

In addition to the studies, the researchers also published a follow-up study on people who were diagnosed with stroke but did not have an accident.

The study was published in the American Journal of Epidemiology on May 4 and was funded by the National Cancer Institute, the National Heart, Lung and Blood Institute, the National Institute of Child Health and Human Development, and the National Institute of Mental Health.

The study followed 1,921 people who were discharged from the hospital emergency department after their discharge to the hospital emergency department and received an average of about 7% of their total hospitalizations (3.5 surgeries and 1.3 strokes), the researchers found.

Among the people who were hospitalized, the researchers found that the stroke rate was lowest among those who had been in the hospital from January to February at 2.9 strokes per 100,000 people, and the highest rate among those who were hospitalized from January to February at 4.2 strokes per 100,000 people.

Researchers found that the stroke rate among those who had been hospitalized from January to February at 2.9 strokes per 100,000 people was among those who had been hospitalized from January to February at 4.2 strokes per 100,000 people.

But it was not for such a high stroke rate that the study found the differences in stroke rates.

