Countries agree to global carbon tax on shipping, opposed by Trump - The Washington Post

'What do we make of climate change?' says Bill Richardson, a climate change activist and author of a book on climate change called "The Last Great Chill." "One of the most dangerous things we can do is to stop cutting carbon emissions and start reducing our dependency on fossil fuels. We're going to have to do the hard work of reducing our dependence on fossil fuels in the long run, and if we don't do that, we're going to become dependent on climate change."

The world's two largest emitters of carbon dioxide, China and Russia, are the world's biggest emitters of natural gas, and their emissions have increased in recent years.

The United States, the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases and the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter, is now the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter, according to the UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

However, the carbon dioxide emissions of its biggest emitters - China and Russia - have increased sharply in recent years, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

China's emissions of natural gas (left) and coal (right) are about the same as those of its biggest emitters, except that China's emissions are so high that it's emitting a much higher proportion of its total emissions than Russia's is. China is the world's biggest emitter of carbon dioxide

The United States, the world's largest emitter of greenhouse gases and the world's largest greenhouse gas emitter, is now the world's biggest emitters of carbon dioxide.

It's also the world's biggest emitter of methane, a potent greenhouse gas. Methane is one of the most potent greenhouse gases in the world, with an international community estimated to have emitted over 1,000 metric tons.

Experts say that China and Russia are not alone in their emissions of natural gas.

But China's emissions of methane are far higher, and Russia's emissions of natural gas are much more volatile, according to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change.

The United States and Russia (above) are the world's top oil-producing countries. China (below) is the world's fourth-largest emitter of natural gas for its natural gas production.

The United States is also a top oil producer, with about 9