Treasury yields rise as Fed chief warns of impact of U.S. tariffs - CNBC's Peter Stevenson

The president's comments come as the Fed prepares to hold its first meeting since the financial crisis in December.

Fed chair Janet Yellen said the Federal Open Market Committee's recent report on the U.S. economy had indicated that the U.S. economy is in a "staggering state".

"I think to say that we are in trouble is premature," Yellen told reporters at the White House.

"Because of the recent uncertainty about the outlook for the U.S. economy, a lot of the focus is on the economy that is now in a stasis, and that is the Federal Reserve's report that said there is very little we can do about that," she said.

"And I think it's important to remember that the economy is in a state of extremely severe uncertainty right now. And it's not just any state, it's all over the board, and we have a lot of work to do to improve that."

Yellen's comments came ahead of a speech in which she urged policymakers to boost the growth of the economy and to focus on the fundamentals of the economy in order to make it more robust.

"The challenge is to keep pushing forward through the new year and keep delivering on those promises we made," she said.

"So the challenge is to keep that momentum going, and that momentum is coming from the Federal Open Market Committee, and I think the fact that we are in a state of extremely severe uncertainty right now, and that is the Federal Reserve's report that said there is very little we can do about that, and that's the focus on the economy that is now in a stasis."

Yellen said the U.S. economy is in a "staggering state" and added that the Fed is "in a very good place" and that her work is in keeping that momentum going.

"I think there is very little we can do about it. I think there are very few of us in the Federal Open Market Committee who are doing anything about it," she said. "And I think that is where we are now."

The report, issued by the Federal Reserve's central bank, on Friday showed that growth was accelerating in the U.S