Cyclone Alfred leaves thousands in eastern Australia without power ahead of rare landfall - Axios

Updated

Australia's largest power company is to leave Australia without power and face a huge problem when it comes to electricity supplies, with a new study showing the state is getting too much power.

That is because the country's energy suppliers are failing to provide enough power to support the nation's growing population and demand.

The study by the Australian Energy Market Operator (AMMO) says the country's power shortages are a major factor in the country's failure to provide more than four times the national average.

It found that the country's energy supply is becoming an increasingly urgent issue for the state's power supply company, which has been struggling to get a deal with the government to deal with the rise in demand for power.

The study found that the state's share of all electricity demand had fallen to 7.8 per cent from 9.6 per cent.

"The country has been in an exceptional state of disarray for several years now, with no plan to meet its recent demand and the state is looking for ways to take some of that capacity away from the province," said Mr Gee.

"The most significant impact of such a situation is the state has been able to avoid a major disruption to its supply chain by cancelling many of its planned power cuts."

Mr Gee said this could have a huge impact on the state's future power supply commitments.

"The state of Queensland is becoming increasingly disfunctional and in a state with a population of over 1.7 million, that could have a significant impact on its future supply commitments."

"That means that for a number of years now, all of Queensland has been the home of the state's most important power production.

"There has been no sign of a significant increase in demand for power in the state's future, as demand has declined steadily over the last few years... from where it has been before."

The report, released on Tuesday, warns that the state's energy problems could lead to a "substantial deterioration" of the quality of electricity supply in the state and could lead to a "significant change in the economics of energy supply to regional Australia."

"It is essential that power supply arrangements for Queenslanders and households